feat(documentation): Document the available tasks (#35)
getsentry/ingest-load-tester: README.md

    .venv/bin/locust -f kafka_consumers_locustfile.py --no-web -u 4 -r 2 --run-time 20s --stop-timeout 10

Please consult the locust documentation for details: https://docs.locust.io/en/1.4.3/running-locust-without-web-ui.html

### Test Configuration

> Locust uses a top level file, a python file to configure the tests.

Reviewer: You're talking about one specific file here, or..? If yes, can we give its name/path here?

Author: Locust gets as a parameter a `locustfile` containing `User` classes, which it discovers, instantiates and uses them for the test.
If I want to run the kafka test I would call:

```
locust kafka_consumers_locustfile.py
```

If I want to use the simple locust file to send sessions I would call:

```
locust simple_locustfile.py
```

> `ingest-load-tester` which uses locust has adds the facility to configure tests by using yaml files. Under the hood `ingest-load-tester` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ingest-load-tester` which uses locust adds the facility to configure tests by using yaml files. Under the hood `ingest-load-tester` 
```

creates locust tests classes that are derived from `ConfigurableUser` class which in turn is derived from the locust `UserClass`.

The `ConfigurableUser` class adds functionality that allows the tests to be configured from a yaml file.

> Two locust files are provided, and others can be easily added. The files have the following structure:

Reviewer: Can we provide links to those locust files?

For each time locust will use the `Purchase` class it will use the `Buy` task 5 times more often then the `CancelRequest` task.

For the `Browse` class it will use the `ItemDetail` task 9 times more often than the `SearchItem` task.

Each time a task is called it will produce one request.

# Available Tasks

The following describes the available tasks, it doesn't try to comprehensively describe all
configurable attributes, it just gives an idea of what can be configured.

## Kafka

### kafka outcome
There are a few way to generate outcomes ( fixed outcomes, random outcomes, outcomes generated with
relative frequencies).

### kafka events
Uses the same event generator as the envelope event generators but sends it to kafka

## Envelope

### session generator

Envelope based generator for sessions. 

The following parameters can be configured:
* number of releases
* number of environments
* started time delta range
* duration time delta range
* number of users
* relative weights between the following session outcomes:
  * ok
  * existed
  * errored
  * crashed
  * abnormal termination

> ## event generator

Reviewer: By "event" we actually mean "error", right? I think in Sentry's terminology sessions and transactions are also events.

Author: yes, it is true but that's how they are called all over the code, not sure if we should change the name.

    .venv/bin/locust -f kafka_consumers_locustfile.py --no-web -u 4 -r 2 --run-time 20s --stop-timeout 10

Please consult the locust documentation for details: https://docs.locust.io/en/1.4.3/running-locust-without-web-ui.html

### Test Configuration

> Locust uses a top level file, a python file to configure the tests.
> 
> `ingest-load-tester` which uses locust adds the facility to configure tests by using yaml files. Under the hood `ingest-load-tester` 
> creates locust tests classes that are derived from `ConfigurableUser` class which in turn is derived from the locust `UserClass`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Locust uses a Python file as a load testing entrypoint.

`ingest-load-tester` uses Locust internally and adds the facility to configure tests by using yaml files. Under the hood `ingest-load-tester` 
creates locust tests classes that are derived from `ConfigurableUser` class which in turn is derived from the locust `UserClass`.
```
